---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nftower_compute_environment Data Source - terraform-provider-nftower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A compute environment.
---

# nftower_compute_environment (Data Source)

A compute environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nftower_workspace" "foo" {
  name = "foo"
}

data "nftower_compute_environment" "foo" {
  name         = "foo"
  workspace_id = data.nftower_workspace.foo.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the environment. Only alphanumeric characters and dashes are allowed.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the workspace in which to create the environment.

### Read-Only

- `aws_batch` (List of Object) Configures an AWS Batch compute environment (manual only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_batch))
- `credentials_id` (String) The id of the credentials to use for this environment.
- `date_created` (String) The datetime the workspace was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the environment.
- `environment_variable` (List of Object) A List of environment variables that can be included for head or compute jobs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated datetime of the workspace.
- `status` (String) The status of the workspace. Can be CREATING, AVAILABLE or ERRORED.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_batch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_batch`

Read-Only:

- `cli_path` (String)
- `compute_job_role` (String)
- `compute_queue` (String)
- `execution_role` (String)
- `head_job_cpus` (Number)
- `head_job_memory_mb` (Number)
- `head_job_role` (String)
- `head_queue` (String)
- `post_run_script` (String)
- `pre_run_script` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `work_dir` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `visiblity` (String)


