---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nftower_credentials Resource - terraform-provider-nftower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A set of credentials for use by Tower.
---

# nftower_credentials (Resource)

A set of credentials for use by Tower.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nftower_workspace" "example" {
  name      = "foo"
  full_name = "foo bar baz"
}

resource "nftower_credentials" "aws" {
  name         = "aws-creds"
  workspace_id = nftower_workspace.example.id

  aws {
    access_key = "ABDFRGTEDRFS"
    secret_key = "sdkjdlgkdjflgkdglkdnflsrkgdlvkslgkdn"
  }
}

resource "nftower_credentials" "github" {
  name         = "github-creds"
  workspace_id = nftower_workspace.example.id

  github {
    username     = "my-user"
    access_token = "sdkjdlgkdjflgkdglkdnflsrkgdlvkslgkdn" // a personal access token (PAT)
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the credentials. Only alphanumeric characters and dashes are allowed.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the workspace in which to create the credentials.

### Optional

- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) Stores an AWS IAM access key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws))
- `container_registry` (Block List, Max: 1) Stores an container registry credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--container_registry))
- `description` (String) The description of the credentials.
- `github` (Block List, Max: 1) Stores a github access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--github))
- `gitlab` (Block List, Max: 1) Stores a gitlab access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gitlab))
- `ssh` (Block List, Max: 1) Stores an SSH private key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssh))

### Read-Only

- `date_created` (String) The datetime the workspace was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated datetime of the workspace.

<a id="nestedblock--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Required:

- `access_key` (String) The AWS access key.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret key.

Optional:

- `assume_role_arn` (String) Arn of a role to assume.


<a id="nestedblock--container_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `container_registry`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The registry password/secret key.
- `username` (String) The registry username/access key.

Optional:

- `registry_server` (String) Registry server nam e.g. docker.io


<a id="nestedblock--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The personal access token to use to connect to github.
- `username` (String) The name of the user that the token belongs.

Optional:

- `base_url` (String) The base url when connecting to github. Used for github enterprise on-prem.


<a id="nestedblock--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The personal access token to use to connect to gitlab.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The personal access token to use to connect to gitlab.
- `username` (String) The name of the user that the token belongs.

Optional:

- `base_url` (String) The base url when connecting to github. Used for github enterprise on-prem.


<a id="nestedblock--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh`

Required:

- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The SSH private key.

Optional:

- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The passphrase for the SSH private key.
